Todo
DONE- add gear section and blog section to ToC
DONE- create gear page structure
DONE put facebook link on (in footer), let's set up twitter too...
DONE- put on brochure, other presentation - put all this on the "What is recycling" page in a 2nd column
DONE- create blog page
- after finishing gear page, copy to ka/ and get translated
- verify fb an twitter links in footer, also get images, and set up twitter account
Y- get translations on "recycling" page (new text)
Y- translations for school page (new text)
Y- add two blogs, also figure out how to truncate the lists of posts and teaser text
- after we have a few blogs, put on homepage again


- create volunteer plan...

Dear Coop Georgia Volunteer,

I'm writing because you have previously been involved with the Coop or have expressed interest in volunteering some of your time.

I'd like to invite you to join our new Coop Georgia mailing list. Since most of us are volunteers with varying schedules, it grows more and more difficult as our numbers grow to maintain regular face-to-face meetings. In order to facilitate communication so that we may all contribute as best we can, we've created a mailing list to stay up-to-date on various Coop activities, and to announce new projects, activities, and requests for help when they appear. To join simply accept this invitation. Once you are a member you will receive group messages and be able to send emails to the group at coop-georgia@googlegroups.com.

Jeff


We've had a great year. Our recycling program has doubled in size, and we continue to receive more and more attention. Tako and Wilhelm have appeared on various radio and television programs to talk about recycling. Evelyn and Nicolas have presented Coop Georgia to many organizations and businesses. We've begun selling a few eco-friendly products - such as reusable shopping bags and indoor boxes for sorting recyclables.

Next year we'd like to grow even further, by making our collection service self-sustaining, establishing ourselves as a key player in the future of recycling in Georgia, and developing our awareness-raising activities.

We'll continue to write more about ongoing activities on the mailing list. When you're interested to get involved in certain projects or activities, simply join the conversation and we'll move forward.

Happy Holidays!




I'm writing because you have previously been involved with the Coop or have expressed interest in volunteering some of your time. There are a few updates I'd like to share, and I'd also like to let you know about how you can get more involved with Coop Georgia.

First things first, I'd like to invite you to join our new Coop Georgia mailing list. Since most of us are volunteers with varying schedules, it grows more and more difficult as our numbers grow to maintain regular face-to-face meetings. In order to facilitate communication so that we may all contribute as best we can, we've created a mailing list to stay up-to-date on various Coop activities, and to announce new projects, activities, and requests for help when they appear. To join visit (link) and request an invitation, or email me and I will add you to the list.

Beyond that, we've had a great year. Our recycling program has doubled in size, and we continue to receive more and more attention. Tako and Wilhelm have appeared on various radio and television programs to talk about recycling. Evelyn and Nicolas have presented Coop Georgia to countless organizations and businesses. We've begun selling a few eco-friendly products - such as reusable shopping bags and indoor boxes for sorting recyclables.

Next year we'd like to grow even further, by making our collection service self-sustaining, establishing ourselves as a key player in the future of recycling in Georgia, and developing our awareness-raising activities. Our key projects are:

- recycing program
- school project
- bag project
- awareness raising

We'll continue to write more about ongoing activities on the mailing list. When you're interested to get involved in certain projects or activities, simply join the conversation and we'll move forward.

Happy Holidays to all!

Jeff

